Add New Cmdlet Docs (#11416)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: teams/teams-ps/teams/Set-CsTeamsCustomBannerText.md

---
Module Name: MicrosoftTeams
title: Set-CsTeamsCustomBannerText
author: saleens7
ms.author: wblocker
online version: https://learn.microsoft.com/powershell/module/teams/Set-CsTeamsCustomBannerText
schema: 2.0.0
---

# Set-CsTeamsCustomBannerText

## SYNOPSIS

> Enables administrators to configure a custom text on the banner displayed when compliance recording bots start recording the call. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enables administrators to update a configured custom text on the banner displayed when compliance recording bots start recording the call. 
```
